Mention wear OS supported settings (#661)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/wear-os/wear-os.md

![Android](/assets/android.svg) &nbsp;<span class="beta">BETA</span><br />

> Home Assistant has started to offer a beta version of the Wear OS app in the Google Play Store. Support at this moment is very minimal. You must be a beta user of the phone app to participate in the beta for the watch app.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding a link to the beta sign up here

## Home Screen

> The following list of domains are currently supported to toggle/execute once you login and select them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list of domains are currently supported to toggle/execute once you log in and select them:
```
